In the last lecture we added navigation and we are now able to switch between our pages here.
That's great.
Now I want to mark the active route and actually bootstrap the C S S remember we're using guess as a
class to Mark DIAK to for all that if we add this class to the list item which holds the link.
It's the act of class there.
If we save this now does the smartest active.
Of course it doesn't change because they are hard coded into there but this is the class we dynamically
need to add.
Well and you learned how to do this.
We got a helpful directive for this.
The router link act of directive.
Here we simply define the class we want to conditionally attach to this element.
Whenever the link on this element or nested inside of it like it's to case your it gets active.
So here that would be the act of class as we just saw.
And the same of course for shopping list.
So Radlick active should also be placed on this one.
And with this you see it's still active but now it switches because now this is as class gets applied
to the correct route.
So that's not working.
With that let's make sure that when I click a recipe here we don't actually reload the app as we do.
Now if you watch this reload icon next to the browser your L bar that happens because we have this ref
element on it.
So we will fix this and then think about the next steps of our app